# School
After Graduation:

Microsoft Software Engineer:
https://careers.microsoft.com/jobdetails.aspx?ss=&pg=1&so=&rw=23&jid=246463&jlang=EN&pp=SS

IBM Software Developer:
https://krb-sjobs.brassring.com/TGnewUI/Search/home/HomeWithPreLoad?PageType=JobDetails&partnerid=26059&siteid=5016&jobid=66032&AReq=57396BR&Codes=JB_IndeedOrganic&st=6791&utm_source=Indeed&utm_medium=organic&utm_campaign=Indeed

Verizon Java Developer:
http://jobview.monster.com/java-developer-job-cary-nc-us-171211765.aspx?mescoid=1500127001001&jobPosition=1

Mid-career:

GM Senior Software Architect:
https://search-careers.gm.com/us/en/job/GENEA0084719/Senior-Software-Architect?utm_source=indeed&utm_medium=indeed&utm_campaign=indeed-feed&src=JB-11300

AT&T Software Development Lead:
http://connect.att.jobs/us/los-angeles-county/it_engineering_technology/jobid10449051-software-development-lead

Stanley Black and Decker Software Technical Lead:
https://sjobs.brassring.com/TGWebHost/jobdetails.aspx?jobId=765210&PartnerId=165&SiteId=20&codes=IND

After graduation, my career goals are to work as a developer for a software company. To be qualified for these positions, you 
need to be familiar with the software they develop and the languages they use. Illinois State prepares their graduates by 
teaching them the knowledge needed to cover a broad range of companies. My aspirations are higher than most, I want to work 
for a big name software company, such as Microsoft, IBM, or Google. To achieve this, I am attempting to graduate Summa Cum 
Laude (3.9-4.0), as well as participate in different IT clubs and personal projects. By graduation, I should have participated
in 3 internships (and one internship in high school). But, I need to intern for the company I want to go full time with, I’ve 
found that many companies try to hire internally.
	
During my early-mid career years, I would like to transition into more senior technical roles wherever I am. This summer I had
the opportunity to intern at a company where my position aligned with business IT. I discovered I wasn’t passionate about 
business and may not be interested in a business heavy role such as project management like I previously believed. I align 
more with wanting to transition into a team lead or architect role. That way I can move up, but stay more technical. To do 
this, I need to pay special attention to my data structures, algorithm, and nuance classes. Knowing the syntax will not be 
enough to be a good leader or architect. I should know why things can be optimized in certain ways, and best software design 
practices. Knowing the details of all my programming languages will allow me to perform well in this role.

In addition to knowing my technical knowledge, I will learn from my seniors and managers. Absorbing their knowledge and
decisions, and learn why our company does certain things over others. Learning quickly and learning it the first time will 
give me a leg up. It will also put in me in a good position to get the position I am seeking, since hopefully I will be doing 
everything the right way.


